the 80 said guide to Bordeaux wines
today the letter I as in industry just
like their character for deWine's have a
very specific system hello Tommy hello
Bordeaux and wine are inseparable I was
wondering if this has always been the
case two thousand years ago Buddha gala
the former name for Bordeaux used to
order wine to be transported to the city
the system was co-ordinated by tradesmen
not monks as was the case in other
regions but to be more independent and
not subjected to price inflation
inhabitants of Bordeaux region decided
to plant vines and grow than themselves
the wine of that period bears no
resemblance to those we can taste these
days but the pioneering Bordeaux spirit
is a trait that remains true today what
are the specifics of the border wine
industry in the 21st century château or
wine estates do not always sell their
wines directly to individual customers
Bordeaux has wine growers independent or
grouped together in a wine cooperative
who grow harvest and make wine and then
we have wine merchants and the
intermediaries between these two
professions our wine brokers what is the
role of a wine merchant there are a
total of three hundred wine trade firms
in Bordeaux and every year they sell the
majority of the region's production all
around the world but the role of wine
merchants it's not limited solely to
this sales activity because they also
buy wines from wine growers and wine
cooperatives which they subsequently
blend mature and sell using their own
brand names you mentioned wine brokers
Kelly tell me a little more about them
they are the link between wine growers
and wine merchants they are experts you
travel all over the wine growing region
looking for supply from wine estates
when they find wines to sell their get
in contact with wine merchants according
to market demands wine brokers can also
carry out expert assessments for
auctions and classifications they have
strong connections with the wine
industry the role is vital to have a
complete overview of supply and demand
both for wine estates and for wine
merchant wine growers wine merchants
wine brokers now you know as much about
border wines as I do
you